So congratulations, you've finished
Block Breaker! Well done! You've learned a huge amount there
across the spectrum. Hopefully, you've started to make your own levels
already alright, Brice. We'd like to see them do that. Yeah, we want to see
what you're creating. We want to see all of the innovation you're going to bring
to those levels. You can make your own
bricks, create your own designs,
use the walls for good effects. You can have interesting non-breakable,
you know indestructible, bricks to make
patterns. Make cool stuff, basically!
Absolutely! And it doesn't have to be a square play space. You can make an arch,
you can do what you like, so mess around with it. Be a bit careful if you use
commercial music. Of course, commercial tracks sound the best, as you're
backing music. I don't care if you use that for yourself
and for sharing with your friends, but just be careful. Don't try and sell it,
don't put it out to public with commercial music in it.
Images actually, if you're going to be using an image, make sure
you own the right to that image, if you're going to be sharing it or selling it.
Absolutely! And I don't know how much you can
rely on it, but I tend to use the option in Google Image Search, that says
look for images that you can use for modification with
reuse. You've seen that in the course.
And then, when you've done it and you've built your levels, share them with others.
Please we want to see them. We definitely want to see what you're going to be creating. And get together
with a friend maybe, and help them to help you make
a level. Maybe you've got a really artistic friend or an autistic friend,
and get them to sit down and make the level with you. And
lay it out, and they don't need to know anything about the coding,
they can just use the Unity Editor. We'll see you
in the next section! Bye for now! See you soon!